INT-3333: Return empty list as is from DB gateway (#3907)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/whats-new.adoc

The `integrationGlobalProperties` bean is now declared by the framework as an instance of `org.springframework.integration.context.IntegrationProperties` instead of the previously deprecated `java.util.Properties`.

> The message handlers which produce a collection as a reply (e.g. `JpaOutboundGateway`, `JdbcOutboundGateway` and other DB-based gateways) now return the empty result list as is.
> Previously it was converted to `null` with the meaning no reply as it states about `null` payloads in the framework at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Message handlers which produce a collection as a reply (e.g. `JpaOutboundGateway`, `JdbcOutboundGateway` and other DB-based gateways) now return an empty result list if no records are returned by the query.
Previously, `null` was returned ending the flow, or throwing an exception, depending on `requiresReply`.
```
